Here are the course outcomes that you will take with you
when you complete this course. You will understand the
technical business analyst role.
You will have the skills to better bridge the communications gap
between the business leaders and technical teams.
You will have the knowledge of the key tools of the
trade of the technical business analyst.
You will have the best options for working within the agile and scrum
world as a successful technical business analyst.
Just a quick note on terminology.
I will be using the terms the technical business analyst, technical
BA, and the TBA somewhat interchangeably and the terms the business
analyst and the BA interchangeably as well.
From time to time, you will see a POV or point of view slide.
These slides will provide you with my personal comments, my guidance on the
topic, my on the ground insights, my recommendations based on my experiences,
real‑world context, my opinions and beliefs, my perspectives. I hope they are
insightful and helpful to you as they will provide some color and depth in
supporting the topics discussed.
Let's get started with just what a technical business analyst is in the next module.